How will the route be planned if there are multiple passengers?
How do you calculate the estimated delay time interval?
Do the searching and planning happen in real-time?
How does the algorithm handle situations which a new request appears?
Is there a chance I would be picked up too early?
Is it possible for the passenger to still choose the alternative route after reading the explanation though?
Do the 150 potential future scenarios cover all the future possibilities?
Does this algorithm have a runtime constraint?
How does the algorithm simulate the requests of users?
What criteria has the algorithm incorporate to determine which vehicle is the most efficient one? (i.e., current routing plan, traffic conditions, passenger plans)
In terms of the “future requests”, how could the system know in advance how will the future request looks like?
Will it only be computer working on planning or there is going to be some human being interruption as well? 
How would we know there is an error if it’s only computer processing? 
It is note specified, what the 400% and 450% enhancements are, what are the baselines? 
Why is getting dropped off early a bad thing?
I’m not sure how the “potential scenario” works. Do we simulate until the end of the day for a particular scenario?
When choosing the recommended vehicle and picking up our first passenger, we still have a possibility of picking up 4 more passengers before dropping off our first passenger, how is it calculated based on other pick-ups? 
Would it be more delayed for the first passenger, or the other passengers might arrive earlier? 
Would the passenger be able to schedule pickups in advance? How does that affect the route planning algorithm? 
When explaining why the passenger was not assigned to other vehicles, I have no concept of what a ‘score’ is. 
Isn’t an early drop-off time more desired by the passenger? 
What are some of the criteria used by the algorithm when determining the performance of each route/vehicle? 
The composite score, what’s the upper limit?
How was the composite score calculated?
To which standards should I be interpreting the composite scores?
Does this prediction account for any delay on the part of the passenger or the other passengers? 
Why the percentage of total early drop-off case should be consistent to the specific case? 
For the ones where you just said more some # more scenarios were evaluated, can you give more explanation? 
What could be a potential future scenario in this case?
How are different factors weighted during the decision process?
Will the choice be discarded immediately once it violates any violations? 
If all options violate some violation constraints, is the optimal choice selected (the least violation one), or the algorithm would not assign a car? 
How does the other vehicles performed in terms of the drop off time compared to this one?
Also why does the system not anticipate a late drop off time? 
What is being considered when doing the composite score? 